I'm currently a Ph.D. student in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology(HKUST). Now, I'm a member of HKUST VisLab with the supervisor, Prof. Qu Huamin. My research interests focus on data visualization and human-computer interaction.


I have got my Bachelor of Engineering degree in Zhejiang University with the main major of Computer Science and Technology. That time, I was also a member of CAD&CG Lab, supervised by Assistant Professor Yingcai Wu. During my undergraduate studies, I minored in Public Administration at Chu Kochen Honors College, Zhejiang University.


Welcome and thank you for visiting my site! I am a currently a research assistant in  iDVx Lab of Tongji University. I work with Prof. Nan Cao, conducting research in the field of data visualization and human-computer interaction. My primary research focus is developing interactive visual analytics approaches for analyzing temporal event sequences. I received my Ph.D. degree from East China Normal University, under the supervision of Prof. Hongyuan Zha. I received my Bachelor’s degree from Institute of Computer Science and Software Engineering, East China Normal University. 

👍 Please feel free to look around and contact me if you have any comments!


Welcome!

I am Fuling Sun, a master student in College of Design and Innovation, Tongji University. I am currently studying and working at the iDVx Lab. I received my B.S. from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC) in 2019.

My research interests are Data Visualization and Human-Computer Interaction, under the supervison of Prof. Nan Cao.



Welcome👋 

Hello, I am Nan Chen. I received my Bachelor’s degree from School of Software Engineering, Tongji University in 2019. 
Now, I'm a master student in the College of Design and Innovation at Tongji University. Now, I'm a member of iDVx Lab with the supervisor, Prof. Nan Cao. 

My research interests focus on Data Visualization, Data-driven storytelling, and Human-Computer Interaction.
